Documentation: add link to list of hosting providers (#6577)
paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx: docs/setup.md

- [Pull the image from Docker Hub](#docker_hub)
- [Build the Docker image yourself](#docker_build)
- [Install Paperless directly on your system manually (bare metal)](#bare_metal)

> - [Use a hosting provider](https://github.com/paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx/wiki/Related-Projects)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A user-maintained list of commercial hosting providers can be found [in the wiki](https://github.com/paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx/wiki/Related-Projects)
```
